  

To empower creators to make their best work and get it in front of the audience they deserve.  

   
  To connect the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful.  

    
  To give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected.  

   
  To give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers.  

   To reimagine commerce in ways that build a more fulfilling and lasting world. We are building a human, authentic and community-centric global and local marketplace.   

    
   To become the number 1 fashion destination for 20-somethings globally.   


   To make it easy to do business anywhere.   

  

   To build the Web’s most convenient, secure, cost-effective payment solution.   

   Uber is evolving the way the world moves. By seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our apps, we make cities more accessible, opening up more possibilities for riders and more business for drivers.   

    
   Our goal when we created Tesla a decade ago was the same as it is today: to accelerate the advent of sustainable transport by bringing compelling mass market electric cars to market as soon as possible.   


   To help bring creative projects to life.   

  
   To help humanity thrive by enabling all teams to work together effortlessly.   


   To enrich people’s lives with programmes and services that inform, educate and entertain.   

    
   To deliver information on the people, ideas and technologies changing the world to our community of affluent business decision makers.   

    
   To be one of the world’s leading producers and providers of entertainment and information, using its portfolio of brands to differentiate its content, services and consumer products.   

   
   To be a company that inspires and fulfils your curiosity.   


   
   To enable people and businesses throughout the world to realize their full potential.   
   
   To organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful.   

    
   Utilize the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on earth.   

   
   To move the web forward and give web designers and developers the best tools and services in the world.   

   
   Shape the future of the Internet by creating unprecedented value and opportunity for our customers, employees, investors, and ecosystem partners.   


   To be the catalyst in communities of customers, contributors, and partners creating better technology the open source way.   

    
   To improve its customers’ financial lives so profoundly, they couldn’t imagine going back to the old way.   

   
    Improving people’s lives through meaningful innovation.   


   
   Establish Starbucks as the premier purveyor of the finest coffee in the world while maintaining our uncompromising principles while we grow.   

  
   To refresh the world…To inspire moments of optimism and happiness…To create value and make a difference.   


   Our deepest purpose as an organization is helping support the health, well-being, and healing of both people — customers, Team Members, and business organizations in general — and the planet.   


   The Home Depot is in the home improvement business and our goal is to provide the highest level of service, the broadest selection of products and the most competitive prices.   


   We save people money so they can live better.   


   To develop drugs to address significant unmet medical needs.   
   
   To enable economic growth through infrastructure and energy development, and to provide solutions that support communities and protect the planet.   

  
   To Improve Every Life through Innovative Giving in Education, Community and the Environment.   

 
   To discover, develop and commercialize therapeutics that advance patient care, while challenging employees to make a difference and building a thriving worldwide enterprise.   

  
   To create shareholder and societal value while reducing the environmental footprint along the value chains in which we operate.   

    
   We will provide branded products and services of superior quality and value that improve the lives of the world’s consumers.   


   The maintenance of international peace and security.   

   
   To prevent and alleviate human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.   

  
   To follow our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ in working with the poor and oppressed to promote human transformation, seek justice and bear witness to the good news of the Kingdom of God.   
 
   Greenpeace is an independent campaigning organisation, which uses non-violent, creative confrontation to expose global environmental problems, and to force the solutions which are essential to a green and peaceful future   


   To help people worldwide where the need is greatest, delivering emergency medical aid to people affected by conflict, epidemics, disasters or exclusion from health care.   


   To collect, preserve, study, exhibit, and stimulate appreciation for and advance knowledge of works of art that collectively represent the broadest spectrum of human achievement at the highest level of quality, all in the service of the public and in accordance with the highest professional standards   


  
   Dedication to the highest quality of Customer Service delivered with a sense of warmth, friendliness, individual pride, and Company Spirit.   


   To provide authentic hospitality by making a difference in the lives of the people we touch every day.

  
   Virgin America is a California-based airline that is on a mission to make flying good again, with brand new planes, attractive fares, top-notch service, and a host of fun, innovative amenities that are reinventing domestic air travel.   


   To help people around the world plan and have the perfect trip.   



   To make unique sports cars that represent the finest in Italian design and craftsmanship, both on the track and on the road.   


   Bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world.

   
   Offering all women and men worldwide the best of cosmetics innovation in terms of quality, efficacy and safety.

  
   To help our clients create such high levels of economic value that together we set new standards of excellence in our respective industries.   


   To attract and attain customers with high-valued products and services and the most satisfying ownership experience in America.   

    
   To facilitate the financial security of its members, associates, and their families through provision of a full range of highly competitive financial products and services; in so doing, USAA seeks to be the provider of choice for the military community.   


   To help our clients make distinctive, lasting, and substantial improvements in their performance and to build a great firm that attracts, develops, excites, and retains exceptional people.


   We go deep to unlock insight and have the courage to act. We hire the right people together to challenge established thinking and drive transformation. We work with our clients to build the capabilities that enable organizations to achieve sustainable advantage.


To build the Web’s most convenient, secure, cost-effective payment solution.


To enterprise as many children as we can and inspire them to start their entrepreneurial journeys.

Our mission is global transformation through ethical relationships with small-scale farmers, and an integral sustainability orientation at every point on the supply chain.


We believe that every child should have access to an exceptional, personalized education that enables them to be happy and successful in an ever-changing world.


We foster sustainable economic growth and human development by connecting people with actionable information from farmers to corporate and national policy makers.

We’re on a mission to make food personal again and inspire families to ask “where does my food come from?”


We are dedicated to bringing you the freshest fish, meats, and produce with the greatest consciousness to marine stewardship, sustainability, and the environment.


Our mission is to serve our clients by creating high-performance buildings that are cost-effective, efficient, and sustainable.


Better World Books is a global bookstore that harnesses the power of capitalism to bring literacy and opportunity to people around the world.


Turning people’s essential bills into a way of supporting good causes.


Our mission is to create vibrant cafes that reflect, improve, and inspire our communities.


BlueAvocado’s mission is provide thoughtful designs and creative solutions for a greener, simpler life.


Our mission is to inspire and empower people to lead the way to a renewably powered future.


To help social enterprises and charities raise the funding and support they need.


Our mission is to provide the highest quality web hosting services to customers worldwide, supported by unbeatable, personalized customer care, backed by a renewably-powered, environmentally efficient infrastructure, and managed by an empowering corporate culture of progressive values, and with this create a thriving, global community of customers who share in our values and benefit from each others’ contributions.


The organisation’s overall mission is to support people to achieve their potential through a variety of services & businesses.


Our mission is to provide talented individuals with meaningful pro bono experiences in order to build capacity for social good organizations.


Our mission is to break the misconception that one needs thorough knowledge of art in order to fully enjoy and appreciate it.


Creating opportunities, changing lives of young people.


Our mission is to help all companies harness the power of business to create positive social and environmental change.


To enhance the financial wellness of our clients in a socially responsible manner by bringing to bear our years of experience, knowledge and integrity.


To help support the transition of 1,000 brands from the old economy to the new economy by 2020


To remove the stigma around menstruation and to change the experience from a monthly nuisance to a monthly opportunity for self-care, self-love, and good karma.


We envision a world made better by travel and travel made richer by connection. Couchsurfers share their lives with the people they encounter, fostering cultural exchange and mutual respect.


To foster access to sustainability and corporate social responsibility (CSR) information. We aim to be an engine of transparency that encourages more consistent and actionable disclosure from all types of organizations


To assist our clients achieve optimal organizational performance through integration of employee safety, health and well-being. Dimensions strives to make the workplace a better place.


To ensure that every student can achieve his or her potential irrespective of gender or ethnicity, where they live or what their parents do.


To offer the purest, most elemental ingredients and organic herbs in natural healing products that are good for people and good for the earth.


Our mission at Essential Living foods is to improve the health of the planet, its people, and their communities.


Our mission is to reimagine commerce in ways that build a more fulfilling and lasting world.


To design exceptional software for the world’s leading change makers.


Fairware’s mission is to change the world through the simple act of buying.

We’re committed change makers and we’re serious about sustainability.


To empower people to create a better way to eat, by creating farm-to-neighborhood access to fresh food, benefiting local farmers and bypassing supermarkets.


Our aim is to connect inner city folk, young and old, with the potential of Lambeth’s growing spaces, with nature, with one another. Father Nature is a landscape gardening and horticultural organisation with soul.


Feronia Forests is dedicated to finding smart ways to nurture, improve, and conserve forestland for future generations.


Found My Animal promotes animal adoption in a very direct way: let your pet wear your values. By encouraging rescue over purchase, we support animal welfare by asking pets and their owners to help deliver our simple, important message.


To play an integral role in the entrepreneurship experience of Canadians 18-39 by providing financing, mentoring and tools that will help them build sustainable businesses and create value.


GINA is a UK social enterprise offering unparalleled opportunities for people affected by rape and sexual abuse to express themselves in a way that promotes freedom of choice through our unique products and events.


We exist to improve the quality of life in our communities. We do this by serving and delighting our customers, giving time and profits to our community, growing employees and helping them realize their full potential, and leading others by inspiring them to give, serve, and grow.


To provide high quality sustainable menstrual products and empower women by positively transforming the experience of menstruation.


To accelerate the flow of capital to enterprises that create innovative, market-based solutions to inequality, poverty, and other social problems and in doing so amplify their total impact.


Our mission is to grow and sustain local food systems worldwide.


Green City Growers transforms unused space into thriving urban farms, providing our clients with immediate access to nutritious food, while revitalizing city landscapes and inspiring self-sufficiency.

To be the best small company in America by empowering customers to save money and move to clean energy sources.


To deliver energy everyone can afford.


Greyston is a force for personal transformation and community economic renewal. We operate a profitable business, baking high quality products with a commitment to customer satisfaction. Grounded in a philosophy that we call PathMaking, we create jobs and provide integrated programs for individuals and their families to move forward on their path to self-sufficiency.

Our mission is to help all companies harness the power of business to create positive social and environmental change.


To transform waste glass into something beautiful while taking care of our employees and the planet at the same time.


Engaging people in the adventure of changing lives.

KeepCups mission is to encourage the use of reusable cups.


Our mission is to provide a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere.


We are here to help you and your family eat better.


To provide superior solutions and help people make better decisions


To provide healthier sweet food choices that people trust and love.


The Mamma Chia Mission is to share the magic of chia and lead in its renaissance. We are dedicated to offering the highest quality organic chia-based foods and beverages that provide vitality, energy and strength. Mamma Chia is a conscious and sustainable company that honors and uplifts both the soul of humanity and the soul of the planet.


Our mission is to provide overwhelming, long-term value to our clients through our broad depth of knowledge, experience and relationships in the food, beverage & supplement industries, while adhering to our high standards of quality-first, quadruple bottom line business values to co-create superior products that help to change the world for the better.


Mightybytes is a creative firm committed to creating positive environmental and social change while providing unparalleled support to our clients.


Our mission is to facilitate change to transform the way companies prioritize and take action to become socially and environmentally responsible.

We strive to change the way consumers think about their purchasing decisions.


We help people enjoy the benefits of self-propelled wilderness-oriented recreation.

Our mission at Murphy’s Naturals is to celebrate nature and inspire good through quality natural products.


Next Street’s mission is to transform the way that finance and business advisory services are provided to small companies and nonprofit organizations in urban markets.


To overcome death and disease resulting from the consumption of contaminated water by providing safe, clean water to those in need around the world.


To spread “local love” by way of our civic pride-evoking tees and accessories, while giving back to the people and places that maintain our city’s trailblazer spirit.


Our mission is to improve the lives of all we touch by creating meaningful work; minimizing use of resources while maximizing the potential of our communities; and delivering sustainable financial profit to fund this mission.


To bring the transformative power of play to youth living in disadvantaged communities worldwide.


Our company seeks to bridge the worlds of plastics packaging design, manufacturing, reuse, recycling, and sustainability.


To make you feel good about snacking.


Peers’ mission is to make the sharing economy work for the people who power it.


Our mission is to provide unique, sophisticated design solutions while maintaining the utmost attention to detail. We strive to provide exemplary customer service and build strong, lasting relationships with our clients.


To develop simple and beautiful solutions for the world of photography.


Plum’s mission is to get the very best food to little ones from the very first bite. And we mean all little ones.


We use technology and design to drive social change and innovation.


We’re committed to sourcing local materials and using local production because we believe in bettering our city and our community.


Raven + Lily is a socially-conscious lifestyle brand dedicated to empowering women through design.


It is our mission to lead and inspire a sustainable way to be fashionable.


We make shopping for quality, healthy, and sustainable groceries simple and easy.

The 21st century will see dramatic retooling of the ways we live together on the planet. It’s time to shift capital to the solutions economy. Renewal Funds invests in change by supporting businesses at the forefront of social and environmental innovation.


We are passionate about creating snacks that taste incredible and that your family can enjoy without guilt or fear.


We roast to inspire change. We believe in being better.


To provide people with the choice to invest their money in companies that value social and environmental responsibility alongside profitability.


To improve life for everyone who drinks water, with sustainable, plant-based filters that make water healthy and delicious, beautiful carafes and pitchers, and the convenient Filters by Mail service.


To create exceptional products that are affordable for people and good for the planet.

Our mission is to help nonprofits utilize the salesforce platform to extend their reach and communicate their impact. We believe in empowering people and organizations with time-saving tools that expand the vision of what’s possible.


To create campaigns and strategies that benefit the whole community.


To provide products that are the highest quality, healthy, and environmentally friendly to parents throughout the world. We strive to empower our employees and customers with the knowledge necessary to make a positive impact on the planet through natural parenting.


To foster health & wellness through whole leaf tea, so you can live an inspired and healthy life.


Our mission is to reach out to all women, and for all women, to enhance their role in their own lives, in their local communities, in business and in the wider world.


Untours’ purpose is to foster a healthy and healing society that unites people of different cultures and economic statuses. We feel it is imperative to reconnect people to each other and to the earth. We hope that we, as a company, can be the change we wish to see in the world.

To create an online community that harnesses the collective efforts of our members committed to solving the problem of material waste.


Making learning global and ensuring that every student is prepared to succeed in our interconnected world.


Vital Consult has a passion and a determination to see humanity and the environment benefit from our economy by developing sustainable innovative practices for the future.


We empower the farmers of the 21st century with sustainable solutions to grow consciously.


To improve the livelihoods of coffee-dependent communities with a wize solution for farmers and consumers alike.


To cultivate savvy women who positively impact their companies, community and our society.

To make environmental progress and sustainability accessible to businesses, nonprofits and individuals through online storytelling, community building, business partnerships and fundraising. Our crowdfunding platform and advisors inspire, educate and prepare our clients to raise money for their meaningful green endeavors.


To stop the degradation of the planet’s natural environment and to build a future in which humans live in harmony with nature.

Skype’s mission is to be the fabric of real-time communication on the web.


YouTube’s mission is to provide fast and easy video access and the ability to share videos frequently.


Provide a global trading platform where practically anyone can trade practically anything.